Publish post on getTextBounds (#26)
zmdominguez/zmdominguez.github.io: _posts/2020-08-06-textpaint-measure.md

```
Rect(
    bottom = 0
    left = 2
    right = 66
    top = -20
    )
```

Turned into a photo:
<center>
    <a href="https://imgur.com/rsALySp"><img src="https://i.imgur.com/rsALySp.jpg" title="source: imgur.com" /></a>
</center>

The `"implied origin at (0,0)"` the Javadoc refers to is the leftmost edge of the baseline and the values in our `textBounds` are relative to this point (In contrast to the `Canvas` where `(0, 0)` is the top-left). Since our text is all caps, the `bottom` coordinate of our bounding box aligns with the baseline (how convenient). Values in `textBounds` **increase** as you go down and to the right of the origin, and **decrease** as you go the opposite way.

<center>
    <a href="https://imgur.com/T65MifE"><img src="https://i.imgur.com/T65MifE.jpg" title="source: imgur.com" /></a>
    <br /><small>Convenience</small>
</center>

It is important to note here that the text _may not be_ drawn exactly over the origin -- there _may be_ a leading space between the first letter and the leftmost edge of our bounding box. (I don't know enough about typography but from my experiments it looks like this depends on how the font renders each letter).

> This is all fine and good, but what if we give it "`Something`" else? We now have a mix of lower- and uppercase letters, as well as letters with _ascenders_ (things that go up) and _descenders_ (things that go down -- but in my head I call them tails).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Displaying `NEW` is all fine and good, but what if we give it `Something` else? We now have a mix of lower- and uppercase letters, as well as letters with _ascenders_ (things that go up) and _descenders_ (things that go down -- but in my head I call them tails).
```

With the same custom font and size, our `textBounds` now look like this:
```
Rect(
    bottom = 6
    left = 1
    right = 133
    top = -20
    )
```

Turned into a photo:
<center>

>     <a href="https://imgur.com/inOazdv"><img src="https://i.imgur.com/inOazdv.jpg" title="source: imgur.com" /></a>

Reviewer: In the text below you use "ascent" in the image it's "top". Can we use "ascent" as well in the image? 
I realised i was reading the text and then looking at the image for the "ascent" marker

</center>

> Now that we have enough information about how far down from the baseline our descent line is and how far up from the baseline our ascent line is (look at us using typography terms! Go us!), we can do the necessary maths to tell Android where exactly we want our text to be drawn.

Reviewer: "we can do the necessary maths" - here i was expecting to see the math you need to do.

I like that you're starting from a practical problem, but without the math it doesn't seem that you solved the initial problem
